Chumley:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
DON'T LET US DOWN, CHAZZ.
DON'T LET
THE PRINCETON NAME DOWN.
IT'S ALL ON YOU!
NOW GO...AND WIN!
Sheppard: WELCOME
TO THE SCHOOL DUEL!
AND NOW...
Both: LET THIS YEAR'S
COMPETITION FINALLY BEGIN!
ALL RIGHT...GO TIME.
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU GOT, JADEN.
WITH PLEASURE!
NO. THE PLEASURE'S
GOING TO BE ALL MINE,
BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
NOW, THE ULTIMATE
AND THE ALL-POWERFUL--
THE LEVEL 7 ARMED DRAGON!
[CROWD CHEERING]
GO! SERRATED SONIC DISCS!
DESTROY!
UHH! UHH!
JADEN, NO!
THIS DUEL'S OVER!
IT'S TIME FOR YOU...
TO GO BYE-BYE!
LEVEL 7 ARMED DRAGON,
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY
WITH DRAGON TALON TERROR!
[GASPING]
JADEN!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Chazz: GO,
DRAGON TALON TERROR!
NOT SO FAST THERE,
CHAZZ!
I PLAYED A TRAP!
HERO SPIRIT!
[ROARING]
WHAT THE---HOW DID--
WHY DIDN'T MY ATTACK
GO THROUGH?!
DIDN'T YOU KNOW,
CHAZZ?
WHEN HERO SPIRIT'S OUT,
IF A HERO'S DESTROYED,
ALL DAMAGE GOES TO ZERO,
ZILCH, ZIP, NADA!
CONGRATULATIONS,
YOU CAN USE A THESAURUS,
BUT IT'LL TAKE A LOT MORE
THAN WORDS TO BEAT
MY ARMED DRAGON!
AND A LOT MORE THAN ANY
PATHETIC MONSTER YOU HAVE!
HEH HEH!
FACE IT, JADEN--
YOU'RE TOAST!
[GROWLING]
GOTTA GET SOMETHING
STARTED!
[ECHOING]
HUH?
OH, HEY THERE, KURIBOH...
MAYBE YOU CAN HELP ME
GET OUTTA THIS JAM.
I SUMMON WINGED KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[SQUEAKING]
THAT'LL DO FOR NOW.
WHY'D YOU
BRING HIM OUT, JADEN?
YOU PLANNING TO DUST
AROUND HERE OR SOMETHING?
[SQUEAKING]
WHUT? DID I HURT
HIS WIDDLE FEELINGS?
IT'S OK
IF YA DID, BOSS.
I MEAN, THOSE FURBALLS
GIVE ME THE CREEPS.
JUST LOOK AT HIM--
ALL THAT HAIR?
I MEAN...WHERE
DO THESE MONSTERS
COME FROM?!
SO WEIRD.
GET LOST!
IF I WANT
YOUR OPINION...
AAH!
I'LL GIVE IT TO YOU,
YOU GOT THAT?!
I GOT IT, BOSS.
SORRY.
[SQUEAKING]
WHAT ARE YA SQUEAKIN'?
CHAZZ HAS GOT
A DUEL SPIRIT?
HEY! I SEE 'IM!
SO, CHAZZ,
WHO'S YOUR
LITTLE FRIEND?
UHH...
IT'S NOTHING!
JUST A FIGMENT
OF YOUR IMAGINATION!
NOTHING TO SEE HERE!
NO DUEL SPIRITS AT ALL!
LEAVE ME ALONE!
AH!
NOW BACK TO BUSINESS.
IT'S MY TURN!
AND YOUR KURIBOH'S TURN
TO GET BLASTED!
[SQUEAKING]
ARMED LEVEL 7 DRAGON,
ATTACK WITH DRAGON
TALON TERROR!
[SQUEAKING]
UHH! UHH!
AND I'LL LEAVE IT
AT THAT.
WAIT, BUT...
WHY DIDN'T CHAZZ USE
HIS ARMED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY?
BECAUSE KURIBOH'S
WOULD CANCEL IT OUT.
THE TURN IN WHICH
HE'S DESTROYED,
JADEN TAKES
NO DAMAGE.
HMM.
MY GO NOW!
HA!
AND I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED!
NOW I'M ALLOWED
TO DRAW TWO
ADDITIONAL CARDS
FROM MY DECK
TO MY HAND!
HERE'S ONE!
AND NOW...
HERE'S NUMBER TWO!
ALL RIGHT!
JUST THE CARD
TO TURN THIS DUEL
AROUND!
AND AROUND
AND AROUND!
SAY WHAT?!
HA HA!
HERE,
SEE FOR YOURSELF!
GO,
SPECIAL HURRICANE!
WHAT THE--
THAT'S RIGHT!
BY DISCARDING ONE
CARD FROM MY HAND,
I CAN USE
THIS SPELL CARD...
AND DESTROY ANY
MONSTER ON THE FIELD
THAT WAS SPECIAL
SUMMONED!
[ROARING]
UHH!
[CROWD GASPING]
NO WAY! IT CAN'T BE!
OH, IT BE ALL RIGHT.
AND NOW YOU BE
IN SOME BIG-TIME
TROUBLE
BECAUSE YOUR
BEST MONSTER IS OFF
THE FIELD,
AND YOU'RE
ALL ALONE ON IT!
[GRUMBLING]
SO LICIOUS!
TOTALLY WHAT I'D HAVE DONE.
YA KNOW, IF I HAD
THOSE CARDS...
AND IF JADEN WERE
WALKING ME THROUGH IT
STEP BY STEP.
THAT'S ALL?
MAYBE HE SHOULD
HOLD YOUR HAND,
AS WELL.
WAY TO PLAY!
NOW FOLLOW THROUGH
AND TAKE IT
TO CHAZZ'S
LIFE POINTS, JAY!
YOU GOT IT, SY!
I SUMMON...
ELEMENTAL HERO...WILDHEART!
AND NOW, CHAZZ...
YOU'RE IN FOR
SOME...HEARTBREAK!
UH, ACTUALLY,
THAT DOESN'T MAKE
ANY SENSE...
OH, JUST ATTACK.
AAH!
UHH!
HA HA! THE PRIZE
IS SO MINE!
AFTER ALL, LOOKS
LIKE YOUR BOY IS
DOWN FOR THE COUNT!
SORRY!
GRRRRR!
OH, NO, HE'S NOT!
CHAZZ, GET UP!
Crowd: CHAZZ, GET UP!
JAGGER?!
WHAT DOES CHAZZ
THINK HE'S DOING?!
WE'VE GIVEN HIM
THE BEST CARDS
IN THE WORLD,
BUT HE'S NOT
USING THEM!
I-IT'S...MY...
TURN.
I PLAY...A SPELL CARD.
GRAVEYARD
IN THE FOURTH DIMENSION!
THIS BABY LETS ME
TAKE TWO MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND SHUFFLE THEM
RIGHT INTO MY DECK!
SURE, THEY HAVE TO BE
A SPECIAL KIND OF MONSTER...
BUT IT'S JUST THE KIND
THAT I NEED--
MY ARMED DRAGONS!
OH, AND...
I HAPPEN
TO HAVE ANOTHER ONE
IN MY HAND, AS WELL!
I SUMMON THE ARMED
DRAGON LEVEL 3!
CHAZZ IT UP!
YEAH, AND NOW JADEN'S
ABOUT TO BE WASHED UP.
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO WIN THIS.
I CAN'T LET
MY BROTHERS DOWN.
[THINKING]
WORLD DOMINATION
IS OURS FOR THE TAKING.
[THINKING]
YOU NEED TO BECOME
DUEL MONSTER'S BEST.
I'M TRYING!
HUH?
UH, TRYING WHAT?
TO WEIRD ME OUT?
HELLO?!
EARTH TO CHAZZ.
HIS BROTHERS...
COME ON!
YOU'VE GOT TO SHOW THEM
THAT CHAZZ PRINCETON
IS NO SLACKER!
THAT YOU'RE WORTHY
OF THE PRINCETON NAME.
THAT YOU...CAN WIN!
OVER AND OVER...
THAT YOU'RE THE BEST!
Jaden, thinking:
SO THAT MUST BE WHY
CHAZZ WAS FLIPPIN' OUT--
CUZ A' ALL THE PRESSURE
HIS BROTHERS PUT ON HIM.
POOR GUY...
HE'S GOTTA REALIZE
THAT THE ONLY THING
WORTH DUELIN' FOR
IS FUN!
Syrus: JADEN!
HUH?
COME ON, BUDDY!
YOU'VE GOTTA TURN
THIS DUEL AROUND!
YOU'VE GOTTA SHOW EVERYONE
WHAT'S UP, JAY!
WAIT A SEC...
THAT'S IT!
I'VE GOTTA WIN
THIS DUEL NOW!
TO SHOW CHAZZ
WHAT DUELIN'S REALLY ABOUT!
ALL RIGHT, JADEN!
IT'S TIME THAT
YOU GET YOUR GAME ON!
LET'S DUEL!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
WE'VE BEEN DOING?!
[CROWD LAUGHING]
CHAZZ IT UP!
GO!
BEAT HIM!
HUH!
ALL RIGHT...
TRY CHEERING THIS!
WILDHEART!
ATTACK
THAT ARMED DRAGON!
WILD SLASH!
AAH!
[ROARING]
UHH! THANKS FOR THAT!
NOW I CAN PLAY MY TRAP!
IT'S CALLED THE GRAVE
OF ENKINDLING!
AND SINCE A MONSTER
WAS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
IT LETS US BOTH
TAKE A MONSTER
FROM OUR GRAVEYARD
AND SUMMON IT TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I CHOOSE ANOTHER
ARMED DRAGON...
AND HE'S LEVEL 5!
AHH!
[ROARING]
GRAVE OF ENKINDLING
MADE THAT
WAY TOO EASY.
IT'S PRACTICALLY
UNFAIR!
ISN'T THERE
ANY DRAWBACK
TO USING IT?
IF I RECALL
CORRECTLY, BY RULE,
THE RESURRECTED
MONSTER MUST REMAIN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
OF COURSE, THAT'S
REALLY A MOOT POINT.
AFTER ALL,
WITH LEVEL 5's
SPECIAL ABILITY,
BY DISCARDING A MONSTER
FROM HIS HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
CHAZZ CAN DESTROY ONE
OF JADEN'S MONSTERS...
WHOSE ATTACK POINTS
ARE LESS OR EQUAL
TO THE MONSTER
CHAZZ DISCARDED.
WELL?! WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?!
RESURRECT.
TAKE A MONSTER OUT
OF YOUR GRAVEYARD.
BUT LET ME TELL YOU,
IT'S GOING TO BE
A ROUND TRIP!
UH, MONSTER?
SORRY, BUT I THINK
YOU MEAN MONSTERS!
PLEASE. WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THAT GRAVE OF ENKINDLING
ONLY LET'S YOU BRING
ONE MONSTER BACK.
WHAT'S
HE PLANNING?
I BRING BACK HERO KID
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
WHAT THE--
HUH?
A KID?!
HE WASN'T IN
YOUR GRAVEYARD, JADEN!
HMM. THINK AGAIN!
THAT'S RIGHT!
BY DISCARDING ONE
CARD FROM MY HAND,
I CAN USE
THIS SPELL CARD...
HMM. OH, YEAH.
AND LIKE I SAID,
IT'S NOT JUST HIM,
CUZ WHEN HERO KID
IS SPECIAL SUMMONED,
JUST LIKE HE WAS
BY THAT GRAVE
OF ENKINDLING,
WELL, THEN, CHAZZ...
I GET TO CALL OUT
EVERY OTHER HERO KID
THAT I HAVE IN MY DECK!
AND NOW...I'LL THROW
DOWN A FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN!
HEH. I SEE.
BY PLAYING 3 MONSTERS,
YOU THINK I'LL
HAVE TO DISCARD 3 CARDS
TO DESTROY THEM, RIGHT?
YOU WISH!
I DON'T HAVE TO
DISCARD 3 CARDS.
I JUST
HAVE TO PLAY ONE!
OK. THIS IS BAD.
Sheppard:
PLAY ONE?!
I DON'T LIKE THE SOUND
OF THIS ONE BIT.
ALL RIGHT! HERE GOES!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD LEVEL UP!
UH-OH.
WHAT'S LEVEL UP DO!?
WOW, GUESS IT'S TRUE.
THOSE WHO CAN'T DUEL,
TEACH.
WHAT IT DOES IS LET ME
LEVEL UP A MONSTER!
AND I CHOOSE...
ARMED DRAGON...
NOW LEVEL 7!
[ROARING]
HA HA HA!
YES!
YES.
NO! WITH THAT,
CHAZZ CAN DESTROY ALL
OF JADEN'S MONSTERS AGAIN!
[SHUDDERING]
CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAAAAZZZ IT UP!
[CHEERING]
I'VE BEEN WAITING
A LONG TIME TO
TELL YOU THIS, JADEN,
SO LISTEN UP!
I GOT MY GAME ON,
AND I'M ABOUT
TO TURN YOURS OFF!
[ROARING]
THAT'S IT, BABY!
THE WHOLE WORLD'S
WATCHING YOU SHINE!
THEN KEEP IT ROLLING,
BECAUSE YOU AIN'T
SEEN NOTHING YET.
NEXT I'LL THROW
THE EQUIP SPELL CARD
ARMED CHANGER!
NOW, SIMPLY BY DISCARDING
ANOTHER EQUIP SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I CAN ACTIVATE
THIS BABY!
AND EQUIP IT
TO MY DRAGON!
[ROARING]
NOW, ARMED DRAGON!
ATTACK!
DRAGON DRILLER!
UHH!
AND NOW ARMED CHANGER'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES.
SEE, WHEN HE TAKES DOWN
A MONSTER IN BATTLE...
IT LETS ME BRING
A MONSTER BACK FROM
MY GRAVE TO MY HAND
JUST SO LONG AS IT DOESN'T
HAVE MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN THE MONSTER
IT DESTROYED.
AND I THINK THAT
I'LL BRING BACK
MASKED DRAGON!
BUT HE WON'T BE AROUND
FOR LONG,
BECAUSE NOW
I'M GOING TO USE...
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 7's
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AW, MAN...
THIS SHOULD BE GOOD.
THAT ABILITY WILL
SEND MASKED DRAGON
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
AND THEN CRUSH ANY BEAST
WITH LESS ATTACK POINTS.
[ROARING]
NOW, ARMED DRAGON,
TROUNCE THOSE TRIPLETS!
SERRATED SONIC DISCS!
HA HA HA!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR HERO KIDS
JUST GOT GROUNDED!
HEH HEH HEH!
GROUNDED UP!
HA HA HA!
TELL YOU WHAT,
IF YOU SURRENDER NOW,
I PROMISE NOT
TO EMBARRASS YOU...
ON GLOBAL TV!
OH, WAIT...
I ALREADY DID!
HA HA HA!
HEY, IT'S NOT
THAT FUNNY!
JADEN! KEEP FIGHTING!
DON'T GIVE UP!
Jaden:
WHO'S GIVIN' UP?
HUH?
I MEAN, I'M HAVIN'
WAY TOO MUCH FUN
TO GIVE UP!
AFTER ALL,
THAT'S WHAT DUELIN'S
ALL ABOUT--
WIN OR LOSE.
CUZ IF YOU'RE
HAVIN' FUN,
YOU WIN EVERY TIME!
GAG ME.
IT'S TRUE.
AND IF I CAN HAVE FUN
RIGHT NOW LOSING,
SHOULDN'T YOU BE
ABLE TO WINNING?
IT'S SERIOUSLY
NOT THAT HARD,
DESPITE WHAT
YOUR BROTHERS MAY
WANT YOU TO BELIEVE.
WHAT?! WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT MY BROTHERS?
WELL...
FOR STARTERS, CHAZZ,
I KNOW THEY'RE THE ONES
YOU'RE DUELING FOR
AND THE ONES PUTTIN'
ALL THIS PRESSURE
ON YA, TOO.
[GRUMBLING]
AW, COME ON, CHAZZ...
REMEMBER WHEN
YA DUELED FOR
THE EXCITEMENT OF IT?
I ONLY DUEL TO WIN!
WELL, WE'LL SEE
WHERE THAT GETS YA!
I PLAY THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
NOW, I CAN BRING
A WARRIOR BACK
FROM THE GRAVE
AND TO MY HAND!
AND I THINK
I'LL CHOOSE...
MY FAVORITE
FEATHERED FRIEND--
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
AND THEN
WITH POLYMERIZATION
AND BURSTINATRIX...
I'LL MAKE...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
SO?!
HE DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST MY MONSTER!
AFTER ALL, THE ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 7 HAS 2,800
ATTACK POINTS!
YOU'RE WAY OUTMATCHED!
WRONG, CHAZZ!
CUZ I'M INVITIN'
MY 3 HERO KIDS
TO COME BACK OUT
AND PLAY!
HUH?
[GASPING]
TO PLAY?
YEAH!
WITH YOUR POINTS!
I PLAY MIRACLE KIDS!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS:
FOR EVERY HERO KID
I'VE GOT IN THE GRAVE,
YOUR ARMED DRAGON LOSES
400 ATTACK POINTS...
AND SINCE I HAVE 3,
ARMED DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS
DECREASE BY 1,200!
AAH! GRR!
NOW WHO'S OUTMATCHED?
ACTUALLY...
DON'T ANSWER THAT--
FLAME WINGMAN
WILL FOR YA!
AAH! CHAZZ IS
GONNA LOSE!
CUT THE TRANSMISSION!
CUT IT RIGHT NOW!
[BEEP]
UM, HELLO.
WE, UH, INTERRUPT THIS DUEL
FOR A SPECIAL NEWS,
UH, BULLETIN
TO REPORT THAT
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
AWWW!
AAH!
[ROARING]
[GASP]
ALL RIGHT!
JADEN JUST TOOK OUT
THE ARMED DRAGON
WITH JUST ONE ATTACK!
AND THE ASSAULT'S
NOT OVER YET, SYRUS!
THE FLAME WINGMAN STILL
HAS HIS SUPER POWER!
IT COMES NEXT.
YEAH, AND IT'S GOING
TO REALLY BURN CHAZZ!
HIS LIFE POINTS
WILL NOW TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HIS
DESTROYED MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS--1,600!
NO!!!
UHH!
[CHEERING]
THAT'S GAME!
YOU LOSER. YOU DOG.
YOU'VE DISGRACED
YOURSELF.
THE PRINCETON NAME!
YOU ARE NO BROTHER
OF OURS ANYMORE!
JUST GIVE ME
ANOTHER CHANCE...
ANOTHER CHANCE?!
DO YOU KNOW MUCH
WE SPENT ON
THIS DUEL?!
THE CAMERAS!
THE RARE CARDS!
NONE OF WHICH
YOU USED, I MIGHT ADD!
SORRY...
I THOUGHT I COULD
WIN THIS BY MYSELF.
YOURSELF?!
WHEN COULD
YOU DO ANYTHING
BY YOURSELF, CHAZZ?!
Jaden: LET HIM GO.
HMM?
HUH?
YEAH, SURE, HE LOST,
BUT HOW COULD HE NOT
WITH YOU TWO JERKS
BREATHIN' DOWN HIS NECK?
TWO JERKS?!
DO YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA WHO WE ARE?!
WE COULD
HAVE YOU CRUSHED, KID.
All: HMM.
OH, MY!
THEY COULD
HAVE JADEN CRUSHED?!
MAYBE THESE TWO
AREN'T SO BAD
AFTER ALL...
WHY DEFEND CHAZZ
ANYHOW?
HE'S A NOBODY NOW.
DISOWNED BY US...
AND BY THE WHOLE WORLD!
I MEAN...THE CAMERAS
CAUGHT ENOUGH OF IT!
HE GOT SCHOOLED!
HE GOT MOPPED UP!
HMM.
THAT'S RIGHT...
AND THEN WORST
OF ALL, HE GOT BEAT.
WRONG...THERE'S ONE FIGHT
HE DID WIN!
THE FIGHT...
AGAINST YOU TWO!
SURE, CHAZZ MAY NOT
HAVE WON THE DUEL,
BUT, HEY, AT LEAST HE
FOUGHT IT ON HIS OWN TERMS!
IT'S LIKE HE SAID...
HE USED HIS CARDS,
NOT WHAT YOUR MONEY
COULD BUY.
RIGHT ON, JADEN!
I MEAN...YOU NO-GOOD
SLIFER SLACKER.
HUH!
UHH!
TIGHT DUEL, CHAZZ.
AND I KNOW
IT'S CHEESY...
BUT I THINK
THE TRUTH OF IT IS,
WE BOTH WON HERE.
YOU'RE JUST
SAYING THAT...
HUH?
I MEAN...COME ON...
NOBODY ELSE
BELIEVES THAT.
HMM.
OH!
[SOBBING]
Man in crowd:
WE DO, CHAZZ!
SAME HERE!
YEAH! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP! YEAH!
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THIS GARBAGE.
[THINKING]
GUESS NOW THERE'S JUST
ONE LAST MATTER TO SETTLE.
Jaden: WELL, CHAZZ,
I GUESS THIS IS GOOD BYE!
NOW DON'T FORGET
TO WRITE!
JADEN,
I'M NOT GOING BACK.
[GASP]
LOOK, GUYS...
I DON'T BELONG WITH YOU.
THEN WHERE
DO YOU BELONG?
RIGHT HERE!
DUEL ACADEMY
WAS ALWAYS MY HOME.
BUT YOU'RE OUR BEST
DUELIST, CHAZZ!
YOU SURE?
I AM.
IF CHANCELLOR
SHEPPARD
WILL HAVE ME BACK,
THAT IS.
WELL, CHAZZ...
YOU WERE ONE OF THE BEST
STUDENTS WE HAD.
HOW COULD I SAY NO?
GUESS I'LL BE GOING...
Crowler: CAN I HAVE
YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE!
AND NOW, TO PRESENT
THE PRIZE IN THIS YEAR'S MATCH
BETWEEN NORTH ACADEMY
AND OUR ESTEEMED UNIVERSITY,
I GIVE YOU THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN ON THE ISLAND...
MISS DUEL ACADEMY!
WHOA...SOUNDS HOT!
JAY, BE MY WINGMAN,
KAY?!
♪ HERE SHE IS! ♪
[GASP]
DOROTHY'S
MISS DUEL ACADEMY?!
WILL THE WINNING CHANCELLOR
PLEASE APPROACH THE STAGE?
[HUMMING]
HUH?
[STUDENTS GROANING]
A KISS?
THAT'S THE BIG PRIZE
YOU TWO WERE
TALKING ABOUT?!
[FOSTER SOBBING]
I CAN'T BEAR TO WATCH!
WAIT FOR ME!
I'LL BE BACK
NEXT YEAR, MY LADY!
THAT'S A CHICK?
BYE, CHAZZ!
SEE YA LATER, MAN!
Sheppard: DON'T WORRY, FOSTER!
I'LL TAKE GOOD CARE
OF HER FOR YOU!
[SOBBING]
WE'LL MISS YOU, CHAZZ,
DAS VEDANYA!
[SOBBING]
JUST ONE
LAST CHEER...
CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
Aoshima: SEE YOU NEXT YEAR!
THERE IS ONE THING,
CHAZZ...
WHAT'S THAT?
BANNER...
SINCE YOU DROPPED
OUT OF DUEL ACADEMY
AND ARE NOW
COMING BACK,
YOU ARE TECHNICALLY
A NEW STUDENT.
AND THEREFORE
MUST START
FROM THE BOTTOM--
AT SLIFER RED.
SLIFER?!
YES! WELCOME!
WE'LL GET YOU FITTED
FOR A BLAZER
AS SOON AS WE GET
BACK TO THE DORM.
THEN, WE'LL FIND YOU
A ROOMMATE.
ROOMMATE?!
LOOK HERE,
CHAZZ PRINCETON
ROOMS ALONE!
YOU GUYS GOT THAT?!
ALONE, HUH?
DO COCKROACHES COUNT?
WHAT?!
THE DORM'S
GOTTA FEW.
AND SOME RATS.
RATS?!
I CHANGED MY MIND!
TURN THE SUB AROUND!
GUYS! HOW 'BOUT
WE GIVE HIM
THE SLIFER CHEER!
I DON'T WANT IT!
S...L...I...F...E...
CAN WE JUST STICK
WITH CHAZZ IT UP?!
OR SLIFER IT UP!
[LAUGHTER]
THIS STINKS...
MY NEW FAMILY
IS ALREADY DYSFUNCTIONAL.
Foster: DOROTHY, MY DEAR!
I'LL COME BACK FOR YOU!
I'LL COME BACK!